The licensors of the Program authorize the entities identified at
additional-license-grants.tally.eth (the “Authorized Entities”) to convey the
Program or any Covered work via the application stores or other distribution
channels listed at additional-license-grants.tally.eth (the “Authorized
Channels”), even if such distribution channels require that material which is
conveyed through them be licensed and/or sublicensed under terms which are
incompatible with the GNU GPL version 3, provided that the following
requirements are met:

1)            the covered work includes, or is distributed with, information
              which may be used to obtain a copy of the Corresponding Source
              from a location which the Authorized Entity distributing the
              covered work shall ensure remains accessible to the public
              without charge for at least the period during which the covered
              work is distributed through that Authorized Channel; and
2)            the Corresponding Source for the covered work which is made
              available from the location referred to in the preceding
              requirement is licensed pursuant to the GNU General Public
              License (either version 3 or any later version), as well as to
              these additional permissions.
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the licensors of the Program acknowledge that the
Authorized Entities and Authorized Channels identified at
additional-license-grants.tally.eth may be changed from time to time. In the
event an entity wishes to rely on this additional permission to convey a
covered work through a distribution channel, it may do so if it is identified
as an Authorized Entity and the distribution channel is identified as an
Authorized Channel at the time of conveyance. In the event that no entities are
identified at additional-license-grants.tally.eth, then no entities (which, for
the avoidance of doubt, includes all natural persons) shall be deemed to be
Authorized Entities for the purpose of this additional permission. Similarly,
in the event that no application stores or distribution channels are identified
at additional-license-grants.tally.eth, then all application stores and
distribution channels shall be deemed to be Authorized Channels for the purpose
of this additional permission.
